

	If I'm going to invest time in creating a sophisticated
	hacker skill in my game (programs, viruses, etc., are going to be crafted)
	what am I going to hack?
	Why am I going to hack it?
	Attacking a private company that's attacking the government
	Attacking a government that's attacking the citizen
	Attacking another citizen's computer for the lolz
	
	Feel free to exaggerate to the level of pure fantasy.
	As well, I'm looking to make a science-fantasy game, not a
	pure, textbook, science fiction game.
	
	Skill - Computers
	Feat - Programming
	Feat - Hacking (prereqs: INT +3, Programming, and Computers +5)
	Craft - Program (classes: app, virus, cyberweapon)
	
	Viruses require Hacking I
	Cyberweapons require Hacking III
	
	Hacking II gives a +2 to your virus rolls
	Hacking IV gives a +2 to your cyberweapon rolls
	
	You can learn to hack
	You can build emp bombs
	You can build robots
	You can train yourself psychicly
	
	Hacking, EMP bombs -> Internet
	Weapons training -> Shooting range(firearms); get levels in combat, but melee can be level 0, firearms has to be level 1
	
	What kind of crazy fucking world am I trying to create?
	
	
	Performing a psychic ability
	Concentration check once per loop
	Takes a certain amount of time. Less time with higher Will.
	
	It also takes a lot of energy to "cast spells"
	While you're sustaining a spell, your energy does not regenerate
	If you're at 0% energy and you continue sustaining your spell
	you will begin to lose HP and possibly take permanent CON and/or INT
	damage.
	Skill - Psychic
	Feat - Telekinesis (10% initial, 1% every two seconds to maintain)
	Feat - PMP (Psycho Magnetic Pulse) (prereq: CON +5, Will +5)
	(PMP combines two other "spells". one which messes with electricity
	 and another that produces a shockwave from the body; hence the
	 prereqs: +5 to CON because in most cases you'll take damage and a high
	 Will to stand a better chance at will saves. Here's the kicker: you
	 COULD combine the spell and use it, but if you make it even just enough
	 to fry a toaster you'll likely kill yourself or go insane)
